Packs P1 docs (#1036)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/06-integrations/00-prometheus-operator.md

6. Alertmanager pod will recover from the crash in the next reconciliation.

## Configure Metrics

> Due to security reasons, controller-manager, kube-schedule, and etcd runs in the localhost leading Prometheus to fail when attempting to scrape metrics. Therefore, these targets are marked as down in Prometheus. Change the following in the Kubernetes pack layer in the cluster profile to scrape metrics for these services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to security reasons, controller-manager, kube-schedule, and etcd run in the localhost causing Prometheus to fail when attempting to scrape metrics. Therefore, these targets are indicated as being down in Prometheus. Change the following in the Kubernetes pack layer in the cluster profile to scrape metrics for these services.

```
